so I've done this for the last two years
and I wasn't really expecting to do this
year again because I didn't get anything
then I got this which is my address feel
free to send me stuff okay send me stuff
yeah the reason I'm doing this because I
I suspect it is a Valentine's card which
again I'm doing this on my birthday
because I've done it for the last two
years and point is I'm doing it again
this here to keep up the tradition so
let's see what it is it is free tickets
to Cannes tropic on I think I just did
product placement and technically I am
getting paid for this as well I've made
it I just I just realized that I have to
hold on to these till June that's
looking at july that's not gonna happen
in fact it's even longer than jury I'm
gonna lose these this was
pointless have no idea with that
one